Add benchmarking documentation (#50027)
dotnet/aspnetcore: docs/README.md

| [Assembly trimming guide](Trimming.md)| Guidance on adding trimming support to an ASP.NET Core assembly     | Repo developers who want to help add support for trimming to ASP.NET Core  |
| [Adding new Projects to the Repo](AddingNewProjects.md) | Outlines the process of adding new projects (i.e. `.csproj` files) to the repo | Anyone who finds themselves trying to add a new project and including it in the build.
| [Using WebTransport in Kestrel](WebTransport.md) | Outlines how to setup Kestrel to use WebTransport | Anyone looking to support WebTransport |

> | [Benchmarking](Benchmarks.md) | Instructions on how to benchmark PRs and local changes | Microsoft employees |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Benchmarking](Benchmarks.md) | Instructions on how to benchmark PRs and local changes | .NET team |
```
